pd-ctl: add resource-manager command (#16517)
pingcap/docs: pd-control.md

]
```

### `resource-manager [command]`

#### View the controller configuration of Resource Control

```bash
resource-manager config controller show
```

```bash
{
    "degraded-mode-wait-duration": "0s",
    "ltb-max-wait-duration": "30s",
    "request-unit": {                    # Configurations of RU. Do not modify.
        "read-base-cost": 0.125,
        "read-per-batch-base-cost": 0.5,
        "read-cost-per-byte": 0.0000152587890625,
        "write-base-cost": 1,
        "write-per-batch-base-cost": 1,
        "write-cost-per-byte": 0.0009765625,
        "read-cpu-ms-cost": 0.3333333333333333
    },
    "enable-controller-trace-log": "false"
}
```

> - `ltb-max-wait-duration`: the maximum waiting time of Local Token Bucket (LTB). The default value is `30s`, and the value range is [0, 24h]. If the estimated RU consumption of the SQL request exceeds the current accumulated RU of LTB, you need to wait for a certain period of time. If the estimated waiting time exceeds this maximum waiting time, the application will report an error [`ERROR 8252 (HY000) : Exceeded resource group quota limitation`](/error-codes.md) in advance. Increasing this value can reduce the occurrence of error 8252 in cases of sudden concurrency increase, large transactions, and large queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ltb-max-wait-duration`: the maximum waiting time of Local Token Bucket (LTB). The default value is `30s`, and the value range is `[0, 24h]`. If the estimated [Request Unit (RU)](/tidb-resource-control.md#what-is-request-unit-ru) consumption of the SQL request exceeds the current accumulated RU of LTB, the request need to wait for a certain period of time. If the estimated waiting time exceeds this maximum value, an error message [`ERROR 8252 (HY000) : Exceeded resource group quota limitation`](/error-codes.md) is returned to the application in advance. Increasing this value can reduce the occurrence of encountering `ERROR 8252` in cases of sudden concurrency increase, large transactions, and large queries.
```

> - `enable-controller-trace-log`: the controller diagnostic log switch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enable-controller-trace-log`: control whether to enable the controller diagnostic log.
```

#### Modify the controller configuration of Resource Control

> Modify `ltb-max-wait-duration` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify the `ltb-max-wait-duration` configuration, use the following command:
```
